hi everybody it's Nick here at Shimer GM
in Mendota Illinois be sure to check us
out at Shimer GM comm today I'm gonna do
a quick walk around for you of this 2007
Jeep Wrangler X 4x4 it's a one owner
clean history port with no accidents has
only 54,000 miles on it looks great in
black we just put on brand new Pro Comp
all-terrain tires but we also have the
original factory tires as well so you
get two sets of tires with this Jeep
we put on a brand new 2 inch suspension
lift
and of course these beautiful chrome
prokop wheels chrome sidestep boards as
well you can see it's a soft top soft
top is in great condition
I kind of put it on haphazardly and I
didn't get a perfect so it looks a
little funky but I was kind of in a rush
you see it has the tow package on the
back as well
fifth full-size factory wheel entire
body looks great really stands out has a
great stance especially with those
all-terrain tires and the suspension
lift we put on it really clean let's
check out the interior interior is super
clean a previous owner had these very
nice seat covers on since day one so the
the front seats are pretty much brand
new underneath having never been sat on
everything on the interior is very very
clean all looks great back seats in fact
I don't think the back seats have ever
been sat in themselves they look brand
new you see the nice speakers a soft top
again it's in great condition put the
seat back has axillary audio input AC
manual shift terrain rated or trail
rated 4x4 automatic with overdrive
there's mileage fifty four five eighteen
fires right up get some storage in here
put your manuals in there overall this
is a very very clean Jeep looks great
inside and out and you know it has some
really awesome wheels and tires on it if
you have any questions at all on this
jeep please don't hesitate to give us a
call our number is eight one five five
three nine nine three four three thank
you very much